Bump `rosie-skills` from `0.7.6` to `0.8.1` and bundle it into the Wrangler output (#14125)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/angry-carrots-switch.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

Bump `rosie-skills` from `0.7.6` to `0.8.1` and bundle it into the Wrangler output

> The new version of `rosie-skills` is a [pure-TypeScript rewrite](https://github.com/withastro/rosie/pull/21) that removes the previously necessary ~600kb WASM binary. The package now ships only JavaScript with two minimal dependencies (`modern-tar` and `diff`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new version of `rosie-skills` is a [pure-TypeScript rewrite](https://github.com/withastro/rosie/pull/21) that removes the previously necessary ~600kb WASM binary. The package now ships only JavaScript with one minimal dependencies (`modern-tar`).
```

`diff` was removed in 0.8.1, here: https://github.com/withastro/rosie/pull/24

Author: oops, thanks for catching it! 🙏
